docs(root): add detail around usage of 3rd party libraries get started pages (#746)
mi6/ic-design-system: src/content/structured/get-started/install-components.mdx

  </ic-link>
  .
</p>

> ## Using 3rd party libraries alongside ICDS

Reviewer: Just wondering if we should be using "third" instead of "3rd"? We have a [section about numbers](https://design.sis.gov.uk/styles/content-style/numbers-dates-and-time) which says to use the word for small numbers, so thought it might be a similar case for "3rd", "2nd" etc.

Author: @DBD324, what are your thoughts on this? Is '3rd' acceptable or does this information page on numbers contradict it?

Reviewer 2: Was just about to suggest the same thing. Our content style indicates that we should use words for numbers below 10 and numbers for those over 10. 

Lets go for using 'third-party' and make sure we are consistent with the hyphenation too.

> ## Using 3rd party libraries alongside ICDS

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Using third-party libraries alongside ICDS
```

> If you can't find a suitable component in ICDS, then you can use one from a 3rd-party library in your project. Use the library's theming and customisation options to style the 3rd-party component using the [ICDS styles](/styles) so that they look and feel as similar as possible on the page. Make sure to check for new component releases from ICDS regularly so you can replace the 3rd-party components with ICDS ones when they are released.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you can't find a suitable component in ICDS, then you can use one from a third-party library in your project. Use that library's theming and customisation options to style the third-party component following the [ICDS styles](/styles) so that they look and feel as similar as possible on the page. Make sure to check for new component releases from ICDS regularly so you can replace the third-party components with ICDS ones when they are released.
```
